diego perez looked for the cross of the head touch in the corner
to 1
beyond the study
no script
news logo at the beginning of the game
parents the cheerleading party of the students of the silver
he was very calm, he could get the goalkeeper to nod in the
corner pick up on the contrapé let's accompany a photo of the lancet
the ball goes straight with diego perez
he the positioning here within the area he came from behind buck victim
perez crossed as far as the halter
well placed in the corner there the goalkeeper to the aerial cut the first ball that
arrived on goal
already entered the studio to be at the front and when the pool
1 to 0
the category that we know made the launch
so he decided to keep possession of the ball
the actress of goal
the defense of guarani
between that talent
put the ball high technical level eduardo berizzo the party of the supporter of the
students
nuno saucers head
have a pet in the knee and pdt
if he recovered a short time from an injury
on the knee
watch the pass
perfect collision in defense
Paraguayan guarani
tisci for the summer and for the lopes I stayed the will of dilma that arrived at
public power what he did
in addition a side promotes covered the goalkeeper
in slow-motion to touch category
to make the launch look the ball spinning
and a way that the Uruguayan pencil touched the ball and the goal says wait for the
rebound ariel
ball in the net
I did not lose my knee
he is cured and from the northeast
2 to 0 students of silver
now a little league tied
own navel year with 1 to 1
that impression of a domain of dual prosa made the ball passed by
game intervention
to one
they attackers the students or receiving
and placing on the basic network of the single health system is serious and the
hyperdia put the ball in his head
queiroz follows in the goal of the students of the silver that goes
no
It was a horrible thing.
the launch of the v rom
starting to play
there the touch of the lopez the hiperdia and hugo Chávez of head with a wounded
new toll
crosses with what happens is the attacker's ball in the net 3 to 0
students
I'll make one more
Pérez on the left gonzález came in only for the goalkeeper to score
the study team
andres de la plata
and what ease
in May Pérez left the program
anticipation
the back of the defender xandão
to 20 head
the green network again
the team of the students of the silver
4 for students 0 for Guarani
the desire to win because it has one less on the tv speaking in title the team
I was about three years and ten months to enter the marking player there
arrival of the right piripiri the Guarani can do the goal
Saturday's cross ball did not count the woman of 20 that out
he alone cleaning goal
The Guarani then speak
bruno send neide
it's a privilege
but that expression really that he did not like and it was silly
incredible student defense
game of the year
that's where the staff gave her
opera
that cinch and the ball passed between the legs of the goalkeeper órion southern nations
street even the nobody to cuba the market of the posts proposes that
situation huh
for the lieutenant only caught the second chance and and put between the legs
Orion
students 4 or arani do paraguay 1
it was not decided
the beryl maracanazo of structure
the event happens at the buffet
of the Guarani who started the game began with a counterattack
the Guarani respects me
with this template
free in the area after the parade
and was expelled
it is necessary to praise
friends with his right foot and sent a bomb with his left foot
according to him we kick hard
no chance and bravery honor cotia tease
fifth goal of the gonzalez students
students 5